release (#58)
solo-io/envoy-gloo: release.md

# Release Policy

We aim to have gloo-envoy release match corresponding gloo releases.
To make sure that we can backport security fixes without breaking changes, 

> we will follow to following release paradigm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we will follow the following release paradigm:
```

# Release Policy

> goal: To ensure that we can update gloo-envoy with upstream security features, for older gloo releases, without running into deperecated features that will need a gloo updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Goal: Ensure that we can update gloo-envoy with upstream security features, including older Gloo releases, without running into deprecated features requiring Gloo updates.
```

We aim to have gloo-envoy release match corresponding gloo releases.
To make sure that we can backport security fixes without breaking changes, 
we will follow to following release paradigm:

> envoy-gloo release match gloo releases with the major/minor version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
envoy-gloo releases match gloo releases with the major/minor version number.
```
